feat(message-provider): add duration & maxVisible props (#375)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/message/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | duration | `number` | `3000` |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| duration | `number` | `3000` | All messages's default duration. |
```

> | maxVisible | `number` | `undefined` | Limit the number of message to display. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| max-visible | `number` | `undefined` | Limit the number of message to display. |
```
